West 0.9 docs (#31241)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/guides/west/release-notes.rst

West Release Notes
##################

v0.9.0
******

.. warning::

   The ``west config`` fix described below comes at a cost: any comments or
   other manual edits in configuration files will be removed when setting a
   configuration option via that command or the ``west.configuration`` API.

New features:

- West manifests now support :ref:`west-manifest-submodules`. This allows you
  to clone `Git submodules
  <https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules>`_ into a west project
  repository in addition to the project repository itself.

- West manifests now support :ref:`west-manifest-groups`. Project groups can be

>   controlled via allowlists and blocklists to determine what projects are

Reviewer: Still needs an update here, from `allow` and `block`.

How about:
```suggestion
  controlled via group keys to determine what projects are
```

Author: Nice catch.

I think I'll go with:

```
- West manifests now support :ref:`west-manifest-groups`. Project groups can be
  enabled and disabled to determine what projects are "active", [...]
```

  "active", and therefore will be acted upon by the following commands: ``west
  update``, ``west list``, ``west diff``, ``west status``, ``west forall``.

- ``west update`` no longer updates inactive projects by default. It now
  supports a ``--groups`` option which allows for one-time modifications to the

>   project group allowlist / blocklist.

Reviewer: One more.
```suggestion
  project group's enable / disable settings.
```

Author: Would like to go with:

```
  supports a ``--groups`` option which allows for one-time modifications to
  the set of enabled and disabled project groups.
```
